Tw 428 bitbucket pipelines (#3993)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/integrations/ci-integrations.md

To set up CI integration for your API, first set up your CI project and then connect Postman to your CI tool. After you set up CI integration, information for CI build jobs is available in Postman. Open the **Test** tab for your API to view recent build jobs, see the build status, and even start a new build.

To connect your API to your CI project, see the steps for your CI tool:

* [Bitbucket Pipelines](/docs/integrations/available-integrations/ci-integrations/bitbucket-pipelines/)
* [CircleCI](/docs/integrations/available-integrations/ci-integrations/circleci/)
* [Jenkins](/docs/integrations/available-integrations/ci-integrations/jenkins/)
* [Travis CI](/docs/integrations/available-integrations/ci-integrations/travis-ci/)

## Configuring Newman for CI

Running API tests as part of your CI pipeline helps to keep expectations between your API producers and consumers in sync.

To run your API tests along with each build, first generate the Newman configuration code in Postman. Then add the configuration code to your CI project. Each time a CI build runs, Newman uses the Postman API to run the collections that contain your tests. You can view the results of your tests in Postman.

> To configure Newman to run APItests, see the steps for your CI tool:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure Newman to run API tests, see the steps for your CI tool:
```
